it's one of the worst nightmares if I
had a finite fine you
it's not working it's not working this
is that work it's very stiff for the
waiting Hungarian it's crunch time the
immigration authorities now have to
decide whether his duties are those of
an au pair or not I spoke to the sponsor
I mean he's confirmed well he didn't say
he said to me that you know he teaches
them English and they go to a school as
well
yeah well alternate days and they go to
college all three babies and he's been
having over those four years now so it's
certainly an expectation
yes nothing wrong with the agreement so
I think really we yeah I think what
we'll reimpose his existing condition so
that takes him up to the 12th of
September this year it might be
worthwhile giving a small report
okay Jacque a lot please I feel we don't
get a stamp now if you haven't got it
here we've had the chat about this
myself in the past and we're still not
sure whether this is a real open range
means or not okay we think you've pretty
much been a domestic help rather than an
au pair but nevertheless you've been
here for two years now okay
and you've been allowed in as an au pair
on two previous occasions so obviously
we're just gonna let you in again to do
the same thing Karine has finally
reached the departure gate and the rest
of the waiting family this one okay well
that's how the luca something to cheer
your heart
absolutely 100% nervous boarding has
begun and they're just on time for their
flight after hours of hard work it's
time to put Anita's preparations to the
test
you can recognize your minister at last
there's a chance to try out that
japanese-style bowing
no one appears to have noticed the
different flag sizes
you came out did she did come out yeah
you didn't see my little bow okay yeah
five out of ten Oh doesn't matter
aircraft look wonderful but the median
Airlines flight arrived in Toronto seven
minutes early with kelvins professional
pride intact smile
keep on smiling event at the end of the
day at the end of the day you think you
go home and your ladies know you know
you know Zoltan was able to carry out
his Opare duties for the rest of his
contract so I am the Prime Minister of
Japan and Anita got a new entry for her
autograph book
and the